residuals/vis/tasks-scatterplots.md, before:

## scatterplots
DONE + add data for Rossman for dl, drf, gbm, glm
DONE + support multiple models for one dataset
CLOSED + set scale domains to max of 4 models
DONE + transition axes on model transition
DONE + on model transition update x-axis label
DONE + transition y-axis label position
DONE + abstract out tooltip so that it is easier 
DONE   to update from setModelTransition.js
DONE + update tooltip text after transition
DONE + abstract out distance limited voronoi drawing
DONE + update voronoi overlay for tooltips
DONE + show large model name text in transparent gray on 
DONE   chart area **@leland**
DONE + model transition should not occur if button's model 
DONE   is already active
DONE + on model transition update model name in subtitle
DONE + show constant scales - no axis transitions **@pasha**
DONE + show transition for points position on model 
DONE   switch at once **@pasha** so that we can
DONE   visually track the points
DONE + on enter, animate points from the 0 baseline 
DONE   to give intuition about error **@ivy**
DONE + on switch between models animate points
DONE   in place **@ivy**
DONE + fix dropdown menu bug that omits first categorical
DONE   variable `open`
DONE + on switch between models, update residual value
DONE   and transition points y-position for continuous
DONE   independent variable scatterplots
DONE + ensure that drawVoronoiScatterplot uses the width
  that is passed in with the options


+ improve tooltips for independent variables
+ orient tooltip to point with arrow
+ fix missing ticks bug on santander dataset
  num_var20 and ind_var20 variables are affected

+ add option to hide x-axis labels
+ check tooltop values - predict value repeated

Commit message:

show tooltips using generated id if idColumn is undefined in config

residuals/vis/tasks-scatterplots.md, after:

## scatterplots
DONE + add data for Rossman for dl, drf, gbm, glm
DONE + support multiple models for one dataset
CLOSED + set scale domains to max of 4 models
DONE + transition axes on model transition
DONE + on model transition update x-axis label
DONE + transition y-axis label position
DONE + abstract out tooltip so that it is easier 
DONE   to update from setModelTransition.js
DONE + update tooltip text after transition
DONE + abstract out distance limited voronoi drawing
DONE + update voronoi overlay for tooltips
DONE + show large model name text in transparent gray on 
DONE   chart area **@leland**
DONE + model transition should not occur if button's model 
DONE   is already active
DONE + on model transition update model name in subtitle
DONE + show constant scales - no axis transitions **@pasha**
DONE + show transition for points position on model 
DONE   switch at once **@pasha** so that we can
DONE   visually track the points
DONE + on enter, animate points from the 0 baseline 
DONE   to give intuition about error **@ivy**
DONE + on switch between models animate points
DONE   in place **@ivy**
DONE + fix dropdown menu bug that omits first categorical
DONE   variable `open`
DONE + on switch between models, update residual value
DONE   and transition points y-position for continuous
DONE   independent variable scatterplots
DONE + ensure that drawVoronoiScatterplot uses the width
  that is passed in with the options
DONE + if idColumn is undefined, default to 'id'

+ improve tooltips for independent variables
+ orient tooltip to point with arrow
+ fix missing ticks bug on santander dataset
  num_var20 and ind_var20 variables are affected

+ add option to hide x-axis labels
+ check tooltop values - predict value repeated
